Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
I've just realized it didn't actually type dim off there.
So that's not gonna work.
It'll so and then we have dim prez name as strings.
Let's just test that code running through and make sure that that works.
In fact,
we'll just run it.
So I'm moderately sure that that will work.
Please enter the presents.
A name here.
So it's a it's me,
Ellen.
John,
this boom it center.
And there we go.
There is our power point presentation already for to us toe add our first light.
So fantastic.
So,
man,
let's have a look at how we can add the slide.
So the first thing I'm gonna do is add Slide one,
which is gonna be the name by subroutine to are running order.
And here I'm going to say private.
So Oops.
Private sub slide one,
OK,
and they were going to do the Lego coding will come down to here on what we actually want
is a title on subtitles.
That's going to be layout one.
So I'm just gonna copy that code that I want a whizz back up.
Sit up on in here.
I'm going to say that I'm going to say Lay out one eso that is out slide and slide title
and subtitle.
Okay,
Now,
in our presentation,
it could be that we want the company logo to appear somewhere on the sheet.
So the next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna add a company logo.
So here in the base code,
uh,
that,
sir saved image.
That's this code right here.
Obviously,
you will change your path.
Here.
A copy with all the way back up.
Sit up and we're on slide one where?
Slide one.
Their slogan on this is where we're working.
I'm gonna add our image,
so add a saved image.
Changes destination path pursuit.
Absolutely.
So here we have PP appetites active presentation that slide,
slide one.
And we are on slayed.
One add shapes.
And this is the path to my particular picture.
So I'm just gonna unr em.
That and here is our code.
So what we're gonna do is wrong that code up to there and make sure that that works or PCI
.
So here,
I'm gonna run this entire thing.
So create PP.
Press slide one and then destroyed the valuables.
So let's have a Look at that.
Alan Jervis.
Andi,
Enter on And there we go.
So here's our first slide.
We have our click to add title on our subtitle on We have our image here,
so let's just get back to that code for a second.
Let me just flip back to excel.
Where are we?
So here we go.
We have the save with document mso.
True.
That means when we say the presentation,
the image will stay on there Now.
At the moment we have left 100 top 100 with 100 height 100.
And if I just moved that at the way,
you can see that that is positioning the image just there.
But what we actually want is the image to pay at Web.
He asked somewhere,
perhaps at the corner.
Say,
say about that.
Let's also say we don't want it to be that big,
So let me just don't do that.
And what I'm gonna do is hold down shift.
So it maintains the aspect ratio when I reduce it.
So let's say that's how we want it to look.
So we've manually positioned it on the PowerPoint presentation.
Now,
his clever thing.
What we're gonna do is right.
Click the image and choose format picture that's gonna open this little box up here on what
we're going to do is click on the size and properties on.
We're going to do this size fair.
So what we're gonna do is have a look a size and we can see that the size is too 0.52
centimeters.
Okay,
let's remember that.
I'm just going to come bring this back up here now.
You'll remember that the this is expressed in points said the width of 100 is 100 points on
what we actually want to do is convert that to 2.52 centimeters.
So what we're gonna do at the top is create another to valuables.
So we're going to say dim and we're going to say C m centimeters as.
And it's going to be a single precision variable because it's just got three decimal places
,
so dim cm single andare looking a using.
But we really also use inch and we will dim inch as on interject because that's 72.
So it's whole numbers so dim inch as interject Jeff.
Okay,
And now what we can do in our creation routine is set those up here.
So what weaken do you say?
See em equals on day 28 0.346 on while we're here,
I'm not going to use inch.
But if your local if your local measuring system is imperial,
then maybe you'll want to and will say inch equals 72.
So now we have a really clever way of dealing with this.
So what we can say Because we know our height is 2.52 centimeters.
We can say our height is 2.52 times C M,
which will now have a value of 28.346 on weaken.
Do exactly the same with the with.
So we can say 2.52 multiplied by centimeters,
which is going to know from here on,
we can now also look in our position.
So if we come over here a bit,
where are we?
I need to move that little more at the way.
The position If I hit the down arrow there scroll.
Ah,
horizontal position here is 30.36 centimeters from the left.
So 30.36 left is going to say now 30.36 times centimeters.
And that just leaves us the top to deal with.
So where are we?
Vertical from the vertical position,
which is top is 0.68 So he asked the tough was going to say 0.68 times centimeters on that
code should give us this exactly as it appears here.
So let me just close that without saving Drink that back into shot at Let's just run that
Kurt again presents his name That's going to get annoyed.
Andi,
they dio.
And now we have our image.
They're perfectly OK.
So far,
so good.
Next thing we need to do is add a title.
So we're gonna come down here on we're gonna add In fact,
what are we going to use?
The title?
We'll use range A one a czar title.
So we're gonna come down to the base coat text at in Texas.
We're going to use the index number one,
sir.
It's gonna be the first image,
the title image.
When you say people slide and we'll use this one because Max is already says range a one so
copy up to here.
They go without it.
Our logo on there,
we're gonna add title title,
and then we're gonna add subtitles So and sub title on.
We're going to say almost the same thing.
So we can just copy that code,
their pace it underneath.
But this time is gonna be shaped,
too,
because it's the second box.
And what we're actually going to do is say that equals press name,
and that should work.
So let's room that code there.
Okay?
Hit.
Play.
Uh,
let's just say I will do Onda.
There you go.
Month report for generally 2016 Northern Region.
Alan.
Fantastic.
Okay,
we're up to about 8.5 minutes now,
so let's have a look at how we form at the text in the next lecture.
I'll see you then.